Update support channel link from Discord to Zulip (#6132)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/index.rst

If you need help, have an idea, or would like to contribute to the project, please visit our ROS community resources.

> * `Official ROS Zulip Channel for discussion and support <https://openrobotics.zulipchat.com/>`__ (ROS 1, ROS 2)

Reviewer: very nitpicky, but I would change "channel" here to "chat server"

```suggestion
* `Official ROS Zulip chat server for discussion and support <https://openrobotics.zulipchat.com/>`__ (ROS 1, ROS 2)
```

Reviewer: ah no. The Zulip server is for all Open Robotics projects. I think this is meant to link specifically to the ROS channel on Zulip, but there are multiple channels, and looks like we can't link to the "ROS" section/group of channels. Therefore, we can keep this.
